so what's up everybody just wanted to
preface the video that you're about to
watch real quick this is not a vlog but
I didn't want to talk to you guys for a
second about the video so that there's
not any confusion in the video I am on
Holi today I didn't want you guys
thinking this is my bike that I'm
showing off and I changed it or
something like that the video you're
about to watch is a buddy motovlogger of
mine named attack khaki so when he was
up there he just got his bike painted
disliked khaki color and when I saw his
bike because I was like oh my god dude I
have this location here in Atlanta that
will fit perfectly with your bike please
let me go film it I think you could be a
phenomenal video so we went out filmed
it and what you're about to watch
basically just the cinematic
presentation of his bike it's not my
bike if you want the information on the
song whose bike it is all that
information will be at the end of the
video on the credit so stick around to
the end of the video to check that stuff
out I hope you guys like the video if
you do like the video make sure to like
it and share the video out it always
helps us youtubers out a ton would you
share our videos but anyway I hope you
guys like the video I'm pretty happy
with the way it turned out and I'll see
you guys in the next video
I will say to make the same mistakes too
quick to faulty fest official way
I saw lots of it such
no one ever made me feel so safe
don't forget me no wanna face
No
I always seem to take
of painting history and we learn
I
I miss the way that you smile when you
look at me no one ever made me feel so
free so free don't forget me now don't
wanna fade
but once you face
you